RTP and COYOTE VADIO
present
SUNSET
Love comes at Night
Dad?
Why are you up so late?
How could you?
As much as I try,
I just can't get my head around it.
It was only a few kisses, Dad.
I swear.
How could you
start a rebellion
here at the estate?
What if things went south?
What if something got out of hand?
What if the horses caught on fire?
If someone hit the boss?
Or if someone
groped the boss' wife?
I'm sorry, dad.
You're sorry...
That's all you do! Say you're sorry
and ask for name brand shoes!
I thought it was a fair fight!
Fair? Fair?
The Bourbon de Linhaça family
gave us everything!
Even last Christmas,
the boss gave us his hand-me-downs!
He even gave all the staff
a Blockbuster membership!
- Blockbuster doesn't exist anymore!
- That's not the point!
It's the thought that counts!
- You're right, dad, I'm sorry.
- You're a bit late for that.
For the next month and a half,
there's no more crisps for you!
No! No!
No!
Come on, sing with me!
And even though she was crippled
Still, the brit groped her arse!
- Thank you very much.
- You're great, Tó Mané!
- Tó Mané is larger than life tonight.
- There's a lot that's large about him.
- Come on, mom.
- What?
Hunger in Africa is less depressing
than seeing your stepdad naked.
Trust me, Raul, I know!
And then they talk about Marisa
and Dulce being famous abroad.
This couple is from Japan!
- No! We're from Manteigas.
- Hush it!
Let me grab something,
I'm feeling peckish.
Why are you on your mobile
with all these fine lasses here?
So what?
I'm waiting on the DNA results.
- Is there a Champions match today?
- Never mind...
You keep waiting!
Soon you'll be 75. Do you know
what you'll be able to raise then?
Only your eyebrows!
It's true, love! Everything will sag
once you're an old hag.
And it rhymes!
Yeah, go on!
Come on!
And even though she was crippled
Go, Tó Mané!
Still, the brit groped her arse!
Thank you!
Thank you very much!
- You roaring lion, you!
- Thank you.
- You see what's going on in there?
- Yes, yes.
- Who's that with Cristina?
- I'd like to know that too.
I only know he's Artur Menezes
and he's mad about samosas.
- How do you know that?
- I checked his InstaPic.
There's even a picture of him
eating samosas underwater.
I don't like where this is going.
I smell trouble for us.
Shut it! Everything's a tragedy
for you poor people.
You're all about illness,
crooked teeth, scratch cards...
Speaking of tragedy, there was
a problem with your DNA, Filipa.
How so?
One of the lab's technicians
had his birthday
and your DNA got spilled
into the sangria.
- So what now?
- They'll need more of your DNA.
Well, that sucks! I'll have to look
for more of it in the box room.
You'd better keep an eye
on what's going on in there.
- Ten million?
- I already told you, Artur.
This magazine is not for sale.
- 20 million?
- No!
- 15?
- Stop it!
- Seven?
- Artur, that's enough!
As long as I'm the CEO,
Blaze is not for sale!
You'd be ill advised
to say no to a man like me.
Are you threatening me, Artur?
Takes one to know one.
Poor thing...
Tell me, my friend! What urgent news
do you have for me?
Eduardo,
I even left mid-surgery because
I wanted to give you the news myself.
Mid-surgery?
He's young,
he'll do fine with only one lung.
Have a seat.
You're making me nervous, old friend.
So what is the news?
Eduardo,
we found a heart donor
that's a match for you.
- No... No way!
- It's true.
You finally found someone with
my blood type? ABS Positive?
Yes! He died two hours ago,
in a Fortnite accident.
My God!
- Zé Figueiras?
- Shit! That's not the one, sorry!
Here you go!
Poor chap!
- Well, he was an old man, anyway...
- No! He was 36 years old.
Partied every night
and had no skincare routine,
but what matters is we found
a matching heart donor, Eduardo!
A carp donor? My brother
doesn't event like fish soup.
What is this noise?
Is someone out there?
Publicity!
VANDA'S BAR
Stop!
Stop it! Stop!
Jimmy, you're too slow.
Diogo, you're too fast.
- Vera, that's "Jardins Proibidos".
- That was our song.
Hey, now!
His babe is over there.
I'm playing slow 'cause
I'm feeling faint as hell, man.
Have you eaten today, Jimmy?
- He refused the burger I gave him.
- I'm vegan, man!
Being vegan is not a choice,
it's a way of life, mate!
You must wear twill, wife-beaters,
and respect all animals.
If a mosquito bit me,
I wouldn't kill him, man!
I'd have a conversation
with him, mate.
Sure! And I'm the one
smoking funny things!
- Get more tobacco in it!
- What's she doing here anyway?
She's my girlfriend.
Got a problem?
Well...
Are we rehearsing or not?
If we're to be the next
Ala dos Namorados, we must smash it!
Indeed.
- A crisp?
- No, I don't want a crisp!
You don't?
But you love crisps, mate.
Yeah. I love crisps, but I must learn
to pay for my mistakes.
Let's go, man!
"Drug is a pit", from the start!
Cristina...
- Can't you tell me what he wanted?
- I already told you, Filipa.
You worry about selling magazines,
I'll worry about the rest.
Speaking of which,
how were the sales this month?
I don't know the numbers
by heart.
- Carla?
- Yes?
How many magazines
did we sell this month?
Hurry up, Carla!
Cristina's waiting.
I don't know about the magazines,
but coffees...
Enough! You're useless!
Go get us coffee!
Coffee, coffee, coffee!
- I hate women who wear shorts.
- Filipa!
Don't lash out your frustrations
on the girl.
Have you been meditating,
like I told you?
Where do I find the time?
With the magazine, the DNA,
"Weight Watchers"...
Sunset
Thank you very much for coming,
Father Vitó!
Maria da Piedade
spoke very highly of you.
I must confess, I know nothing about
the Church of the Thingy All Mighty.
We're a church like any other,
Madalena.
The only differences are that
our sacramental bread is gluten-free
and we pray while squatting.
Well...
I'm not even sure where to begin.
How about you start
from the beginning, Madalena?
Go on, tell me.
What saddens you so much?
It's a secret of my past,
Father Vitó.
Mine
and the Bourbon de Linhaça's pasts.
We all hold secrets
from our past, Madalena.
I, for instance, had a barbecue place
in São Domingos de Rana...
I wouldn't dare tell you
what I served as chicken.
You could almost
hear them meow.
My secret is a bit more serious,
Father.
Much more serious!
Speak up.
Speak freely.
Anything you tell me is bound
by confessional secrecy.
Father,
I have abandoned a daughter!
I'm sure you had your reasons,
Madalena.
Our Thingy All Mighty
does not judge.
He taunts you,
but he won't judge.
I've abandoned her
and she died before my eyes
because I abandoned her.
Every day I wonder
where she could be
had she not died, Father.
There, there, Madalena!
It's okay, Madalena, it's okay!
All you can do now
is take care of yourself
and transfer 1500 Euros
to my account.
There, there!
Again? I've told you,
I'm very pleased with my plan.
Why would I want to subscribe
to a Moroccan movies channel?
I have enough dirty channels, thanks.
I don't need "Hot Algarvias".
Fine then, if it's only 3 Euros.
Have a nice day.
There's no one watching.
Go, Constança, go.
I'm only giving Testicle this shot
for you, Simão.
Yeah, sure. Hurry, I want to see
Farense's second half.
I'm scared.
Testicle is very unpredictable,
he might kick me.
Constança...
Don't worry,
I've brought disinfectant. Now go.
Yes...
Your forward racing days are over,
Testicle.
Damn, he kicked her
like a sack of potatoes!
Farense's second half, right.
Matilde!
- Matilde!
- Lourenço, what's going on?
Miss Matilde, I'm sorry,
but I couldn't stop him
from coming in
wearing his muddy boots.
How could you?
What?
How could I what, Lourenço?
This.
How could you do this?
- You betrayed my trust.
- Lourenço.
That's no way to talk
to Miss Matilde.
Lourenço, that's a story.
What's wrong with that?
It's a story of you guys playing.
I should never have taken you
to our rehearsal.
- You filmed it without us knowing!
- What's wrong with that?
Lourenço, either leave now
or I'll call Sandra Felgueiras!
What's wrong with that?
We made a blood pact!
A bloody blood pact, Matilde!
We agreed to only announce the band
when we were ready.
And you threw it all way,
Matilde.
I'm sorry, Lourenço, I had no idea.
I swear I won't do it again.
No, you won't.
And do you know why?
Because we're over.
Lourenço, no... No!
Lourenço! Lourenço!
Lourenço, no!
- Raul. Can I borrow 20 Euros?
- What do you want 20 Euros for?
To get an Uber to Amadora.
I pull more birds there.
- You should be studying, go home!
- Sod off!
Come on, Carla, eat something.
These pastries look so good.
No, Raul, stop.
I don't want them.
We're still splitting the check,
though.
It's so sad to be reaching 35
and no one respects you, you know?
Not at home, not at the office.
Not even in the metro.
- You're not drinking your juice?
- No.
This juice is made
from the best oranges from Algarve.
Free of sugar,
colourings and preservatives,
and packed full of vitamins B,
C, Z and T2.
Gives you the energy you need
to get through your busy day.
- Why do you care so much for me?
- You deserve the best, Carla.
You know how many dudes told me that
when all they wanted was nudes?
- Gotcha!
- Come on!
I was watching you.
- Aren't you going to introduce us?
- This is Carla, my co-worker.
Hello. Well... If I were your age,
I wouldn't be wasting time.
- Why don't you go home, Tó Mané?
- I'm petrified, no joke.
- What happened?
- I'm scared. Sorry, hon.
I was just at court
and the divorce still isn't final.
I won't be able
to marry your mother this year.
I'm at an age
were I can say anything.
Portuguese justice
only wants to suck you dry.
Sorry,
my stepfather is very frank.
What are you drinking?
We're drinking this juice
made from the best oranges...
Juice?
What am I? Five?
See you later!
Is he always like this?
No, it worsens during Saint Anthony
festivities, he wears shorts.
But he loves my mother
and that's all that matters.
I'm glad to see you're painting again,
Madalena.
Yes, I talked with someone today
and it helped me quite a bit.
May I ask
what you are painting?
I never really know, Eduardo,
I paint whatever pops in my head.
Let me see.
Fernando Mendes?
Boss!
Something tragic happened.
What was it now, António?
Another fire at the dam?
No, far worse than that!
Testicle
started running backwards.
- What do you mean?
- What?
I wanted to volt him
and took him out to the paddock
and he just started to run backwards
and to kick forward.
How is that possible?
That horse cost seven billion Euros!
Without VAT, Mrs. Madalena.
We're ruined.
The Bourbon de Linhaça are ruined.
Don't worry, boss,
if the cherry harvest goes well,
we can sort it out.
Let's pray they're pitted.
Yes. Right now, the cherry harvest
is our family's only hope.
Don't be like that, Miss.
How? How am I not to be like this,
Maria da Piedade?
Lourenço is the only one
and true love of my life.
I live for him.
And for the fight for gender equality
in civil services.
Lourenço was hot-headed.
Everything will be fine,
you'll see.
Men are all the same.
But they always come back
when they want to bed us.
- You think?
- I'm sure.
It was only a story,
Maria da Piedade.
What could be wrong
with one story?
I don't know, Miss.
I don't know much about those things.
I only use the Internet
to buy bitcoin.
Can I give you some advice, though?
Yes.
What is it, Maria da Piedade?
Forget about Lourenço.
If his dad
is against your relationship,
he must have a valid reason.
What reason could be so valid,
Maria da Piedade?
I don't know.
It's just one more of the many secrets
at the Pôr do Sol estate.
Sunset
Sun
Crazy Tó?
- Pedro Granger?
- Yes.
You look different
from your profile picture.
It's a filter.
I can tell you which one,
if you want.
Why are we meeting like this,
here?
It's like in the movies.
No need for us to exit the cars,
and should the cops arrive,
I'll bail this way,
and you'll bail that way.
- But there's a wall over there.
- Hey!
I haven't told you what to do yet
and you already have excuses?
Go on!
- Do you know the Pôr do Sol state?
- Everybody knows that estate.
Very well.
The job will take place
at the Pôr do Sol estate.
Should you do it well,
I'll pay you 10 million Euros.
- Cash?
- Cash!
Cash is a must!
I'm on unemployment benefits.
If they find 10 million in my account,
they'll cut me off.
No worries.
I'll pay you 100 Euros now,
1000 once you start,
half a million on your birthday
and the rest
when the job is done.
- And what is the job?
- It's very simple.
Just set the Pôr do Sol estate's
cherry trees on fire.
Translation and Subtitling
FILIPA CERQUEIRA
RTP - Production